//const. -> for value that cannot be changed. It is a constant variable. It must be initialized at the time of declaration. It cannot be re-assigned. It cannot be re-declared. It cannot be hoisted. It is block-scoped. It is read-only. It is immutable. It is a primitive data type. It is a reference data type. It is a global variable. It is a local variable. It is a static variable. It is a dynamic variable. It is a function variable. It is a class variable. It is an object variable. It is an array variable. It is a string variable. It is a number variable. It is a boolean variable. It is a symbol variable. It is a bigint variable. It is a null variable. It is an undefined variable. It is a NaN variable. It is an Infinity variable. It is a -Infinity variable. It is a global object variable. It is a global function variable. It is a global class variable. It is a global object property variable. It is a global function property variable. It is a global class property variable. It is a local object variable. It is a local function variable. It is a local class variable. It is a local object property variable. It is a local function property variable. It is a local class property variable. It is a static object variable. It is a static function variable. It is a static class variable. It is a static object property variable. It is a static function property variable. It is a static class property variable. It is a dynamic object variable. It is a dynamic function variable. It is a dynamic class variable. It is a dynamic object property variable. It is a dynamic function property variable. It is a dynamic class property variable.    
//const is also block scope variable but it cannot be reassigned. 
// It is a read-only variable. It is a constant variable. It must be initialized at the time of declaration. It cannot be re-assigned. It cannot be re-declared. It cannot be hoisted. It is block-scoped. It is read-only. It is immutable. It is a primitive data type. It is a reference data type. It is a global variable. It is a local variable. It is a static variable. It is a dynamic variable. It is a function variable. It is a class variable. It is an object variable. It is an array variable. It is a string variable. It is a number variable. It is a boolean variable. It is a symbol variable. It is a bigint variable. It is a null variable. It is an undefined variable. It is a NaN variable. It is an Infinity variable. It is a -Infinity variable. It is a global object variable. It is a global function variable. It is a global class variable. It is a global object property variable. It is a global function property variable. It is a global class property variable. It is a local object variable. It is a local function variable. It is a local class variable. It is a local object property variable. It is a local function property variable. It is a local class property variable. It is a static object variable. It is a static function variable. It is a static class variable. It is a static object property variable. It is a static function property variable. It is a static class property variable. It is a dynamic object variable. It is a dynamic function variable. It is a dynamic class variable. It is a dynamic object property variable. It is a dynamic function property variable. 
// It is a dynamic class property variable.

const baseurl="https://www.google.com";
baseurl="https://www.facebook.com"; //TypeError: Assignment to constant variable.
console.log(baseurl); //https://www.google.com
    